Though Experiment

1.Explain the advantages of exceptions over error codes.

Exceptions provide greater detail as to what went wrong with application making it easier for developers and end users to 
identify what went wrong. Also, as exceptions are objective they have multiple properties that can be used to get more detailed
information unlike error codes where you would need to know the meaing of the code to know what went wrong. -JD

Exceptions are objects so they store extra data that cannot be done using an error code. The .NET framework also offers special support
for dealing with exceptions. -TB

2.When should you create a custom exception?

You should create a custome exception when you want to handle a more specific situation and developers working on with the code all know of
these exceptions. -JD

You should create custom exceptions only if you expect developers to handle it or perform custom logging. If a developer wont be able to fix
the specific error, it wont make any sense to create a more specific exception. -TB

Objective Summary

-In the .NET framework, you should use exceptions to report errors instead of error codes.

-Exceptions are objects that contain data about the reason for the exception.

-You can use try block with one or more catch blocks to handle different typesof exceptions.

-You can use a finally block to specify code that should always run after an exception or not.

-You can use throw keyword to raise an exception.

-You can define your own custom exceptions when you are sure users of your code will handle it in a different way. Otherwise, 
use .NET franework exceptions.

Objective Review

1-You are checking the arguments of your method for illegal null values. If you encounter a null value, which exception do you throw?

D-ArgumentNullException.

2-Your code cathes IOException when a file cannot be accessed. You want to give more information to the caller fo your code. What do you do?

B- Throw a new exception with extra information that has the IOException as the inner exception.

3-You are creating a custom exception called LogOnFailedException. Whic constructos should you at least add?

A-LogOnFailed()
A-LogOnFailed(string message)
A-LogOnFailed(string message, Exception innerException)
