Objective 1.3 Overview

Thought Experiment

1. What is the disadvantage of using goto? How can you avoid using the goto statement?

The disadvantage of the goto statement is that it can make code hard to read if if it jumps to different sections of code. You can avoid this
by refactoring your code.

Using the goto statement makes your code much harder to read beacsue the flow jumps around. goto is mostly used in looping statements. You can
replace these with while or do while statements. -TB

2. What statement should you use to improve long if statements?

You should replace these wiith switch statements. -JD

3. What are the differences between for and foreach statement? When should you use which?

The for loop uses an instation, conditional and loop to iterate over a collection and you can change the value in the loop.
A for loop enumerates a collection anditerates over every element in the collection. The elements cannot be changed - JD

The for statement iterates over a collection using an index and you can midify the collection while iterating. You need an index to retrieve each item.
The foreach is syntatic sugar that gives you a variable that points to each iteration item.

Objective Summary

-Boolean expressions can use several operators; ==, !=, <, >, <=, >=, !., (&&)AND, (||)OR, (^)XOR

-You can use the if else statement to execute code depending on a specific condition.

-The siwtch statement can be used when matching a value against multiple options

-The for loop can be used when iterating over a collection where you know the number of iterations in advance.

-The while loop can be used to execute some code while a statement is true. 

-Do while is used when the code should be executed at least once.

-For each can be used to iterate over collections.

-Jump statements can be used to transfer control to another line of the program.

Objective Review

1.You need to iterate over a collection in which you know thenumber of items. You need to remove certain items from the collectin. Which statement do you use?

C- for.

2. You have a lot of checks in your application for null values. If a value is not null, you want to call a method on it. You waint to simplify your code. Which technique do you use?

D- Short circuiting and operator. Short circuiting enables you to see wether a value is null and call a member on it in one and statement.
If the left value is null the right operand wont be executed.

3. You are processing some data from over the network. You use a hasnext and read method to retrieve the data. You need to run some code on each item. What do you use?

D- While. You can use(o.hasNext){var i = o.read();} to proces the items. When o.hasnext is false the while loop stops.